[MUSIC]
>> Scott: Asterisk Operator.
So asterisks indicate a directive
that modifies the HTML.
So I think Lukas hit on it earlier, but
Angular 2 leverages the Shadow DOM.
The Shadow DOM is part of
the web components spec.
So there's the template element that
we can use to encapsulate HTML in CSS.
Angular 2 uses that for components and
directives and whatnot.
But, they don't require that
you have to write all of it and
know anything about it, so
they built a shortcut for
it and they used an asterisk for
it which is pretty cool I think.
It looks weird but
the alternative is a lot more to write, so
either you get used to it or
you write everything else.
So it's just syntactic sugar to avoid
having to use a template element directly.
So on top if you use the asterisks in
ngIf directive, it'll look like that.
But alternatively,
if you did wanna use asterisks,
it would be like that at the bottom.
So that's what the asterisk is doing.
It's creating that template for you.
It's creating a property
binding on the ngIf.
>> Scott: So it's up to you,
how you want to do it.
Whichever way you do it,
just be consistent.
>> Scott: Cool, hashtag operator,
so this one is pretty cool,
I really like this one.
This one is like, it defines the local
variable inside our template pretty much,
so when we do like NG4,
which is like NG repeat or
maybe you just wanna get
a reference to input somewhere and
use it somewhere down in a UL or
something like that.
It's just going to set up a local variable
that we can use inside of our template.
It's the only thing that we can use,
actually,
to change the context in which
our template renders its data.
Because by default, it only binds to the
components context, but this is another
way where we can change that context and
add to it as a local variable.
And it uses the hashtag operator.
So you would use the hashtag
operator to create it and
then to reference it from then on out you
wouldn't need a hashtag operator any more.
Like this.
So you can see we have this hashtag name.
And then in interpolation we
would just refer to it as name.
>> Speaker 2: Also, within that ng 4,
I've seen, actually,
you can reference the index, and
so it's like #index, as well.
>> Scott: Yep, there's a lot of
variables that this thing cooks up for
you, for sure.
And then, last but not least,
the Elvis operator.
So we use other languages that
had this before, Script had this,
it was very much like, I wanna be safe,
is this property on here.
It's the same thing, but
now it's in the template, so
the template won't freak out
if something's not there.
So using the question mark after the
property before the dot, if you reference
a property in your template that does
not exist, you will throw an exception.
The Elvis Operator is a simple,
easy way to guard against null and
undefined properties, pretty much
exactly what it does in other languages.
But in a template now, which I think is
cool because if I remember correctly,
I remember Angular 1 sometimes
stuff would just silently fail,
you just wouldn't know, you just wouldn't
know until someone complained about it.
And you would be like snap.
So, I think this is pretty cool.
>> Speaker 2: And
these are all in the plunks by the way,
we're not going into the plunks just for
timing reasons but if you have any
questions about any of these work, then
the plunks are there for documentation.
>> Scott: Cool, all right, so
we went through the slides,
I wanted to get through them quick.
You got a question?
>> Speaker 3: Why is it
called the Elvis Operator?
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
>> Scott: That's a good question.
>> Speaker 4: It looks like Elvis.
>> Speaker 2: Cuz it looks like
Elvis has this flippedy-do hair,
he had the hair flipping.
So Scott, do this so people on
the camera can see like the hair flip.
So it's like a question mark.
>> Scott: Like this?
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: Yeah,
like he had the hair flipped over.
>> Scott: Like that?
>> Speaker 3: Just pop it over.
>> Speaker 2: Yeah.
>> Scott: I mean looks more
like a question mark to me.
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH] [CROSSTALK]
>> Speaker 2: Trust me when he combed his
hair like that, it was,
it raised a lot of questions.
>> Scott: Yeah, but then he would've
liked a question mark or not.
I don't know.
I mean, if anything,
I would've called it a light bulb but not
>> Speaker 2: That's not as catchy.
>> Scott: I don't know.
I would've just called it question mark.
I don't know.
>> Speaker 4: [LAUGH]
>> Scott: Question, yes.
>> Speaker 5: Is it true that
you can use var my variable
instead of pound my variable?
>> Scott: Actually, I'm not sure
if they got rid of that or not.
That used to be the case and it might
still be true, but being on Beta 9,
I'm not too sure.
I'm guessing because they haven't been
making big releases and it's Beta 9,
I'm guessing you can still do that.
So, yeah,
I would say that you can still do that.
We'll test it out and see.
>> Scott: Okay.
>> Speaker 5: And then another one,
is there any way to add
the same event multiple times?
>> Scott: The same event multiple times.
>> Speaker 2: Please clarify.
>> Scott: Yeah, I'm not sure if-
>> Speaker 2: I could ask him too.
>> Scott: I don't know.
I'm sure you can, but I don't know why.
I can't see the use case.